In this video I'm going to show you and tell you two different tools which have free version available
and you can sign up for free and use and create personas online.
OK so first rule is essential you can see over here.
I have already signed up so if I go to my screen you can see I have this template built in which you
can use for your persona.
So if I go back to my main dashboard you can see I have this all folios and I have this proc line in
it.
And then if I try to click edit folio you can see it is going to show me this over here.
OK so I can type the name of my personas maybe
I mean the Oz or something like that.
OK then you can use any photo of a female then on the left we have a quotation that captures the person's
personality.
So this condition will be related to your product or how their behavior is online or maybe with e-commerce
websites.
This is not their life.
Life's personality or their lives quotation that I want to live happily after my 50s or things like
that.
So you need to avoid that then we have some demographics like what is the age work family and location
character type.
Then we have this personality personality Bob's introvert extrovert analytical creative conservative
liberal active or passive.
So this is actually telling us that how our users are going to behave whether they're you know going
to a lot of people meet others they are very creative or they're very analytical.
What kind of thinking pattern they have so the main thing over here is these ghouls frustrations.
These are very important so these goals are actually allergic to how they use your product or similar
products how they actually you know they have their goals in mind what are they planning for so when
they open a website or open an e-commerce store what are they thinking what are their goals then we
have the frustrations of what are the things they like to avoid.
What are their fears.
What are their pain points.
So there are different words for this frustration whether it's pain point or sometimes that effort as
fears or things like that.
So these are the things we are going to list all in here.
This is a chart by a graph biography of describing your user what they do what they live for and how
they spend their whole day.
So this is also very important.
On the top we have traits which are like busy punctual.
These are actually defining the personality what kind of personality they have.
Maybe they are very busy businesswomen maybe punctual or regular or things like that on the right.
We have motivations of what motivates them to pursue their goals or you can say pursue their daily goals
or things like that.
So whether it's incentive if they have given some incentive or whether it's fear that is motivating
them that I don't want to lose the trust of my kids or things like that so they might have fear to put
the frocks or their kids dress they might feel some achievement that I would be a great mom if I.
She has these frocks for my these great looking dresses from for my kids.
Then they might have some growth possibilities like I want to you know be better at my job and more
to grow because I don't want to waste time and I want it to be you know I do it quickly and easily so
I don't you know feel frustrated when I go to jobs.
My daily job.
And then it might be power than it might be social behavior.
I want my I want I want my kids to look better than there are scared.
There aren't these kids or things like that.
She might be comparing her kids with other kids.
So this is actually motivation and social behavior.
Then we have brands.
So what kind of different brands they love.
This is going to tell us what their tastes are how they like different brands and why do they love them.
So this is a few images over here for different brands they love then the preferred channels.
What are the preferred channels they normally use.
Because we are actually going to ultimately advertise and market our product first.
So we need to know what are the ads they are looking for whether they read traditional ads newspapers
or they use online services or social media whether they use Instagram spend their time on Instagram
Facebook or what other groups they are regularly checking.
So these are the things we are going to look for then whether they get some reference from their friends
or what are different you know.
So these are different preferred channels so the whole layout or the things are actually similar.
If I go to extend you as you express here this is another tool.
This is actually the one I created and it is called Busy moms you can see this is their archetype type
or main type of the use of busy moms.
This is the name market size that this user is almost 30 percent off my personas.
Then on the left I have demographics female thirty five this is the location married what would they
do.
What is the income per month.
If you want to add more fields you can add a hair.
Then I also really need to see the skills they have because they are going to order online using my
e-commerce store.
So they have some computer skills so I am going to go with these kids dad home.
How many times they have ordered online whether they have ordered online before or not.
So the this is actually comfortable e-commerce store orders using mobile phones I want to check that
whether they have already all used their mobile phones to order online or not.
Then we have technologies they use.
So this is actually Android.
They are using Android then they are using windows in my country Macs and apples are very rare so very
few people use them.
Then we we need to know what browsers they are using they are using Internet Explorer.
They are using this chrome browser which browser type because we need to adjust our websites for those
browsers.
Then we have this channel.
This is the same brands and influences mini so Zada Georgie and Mario.
So these are actually brands they are motivated with.
So this is an actual you can say this is extracted from my research which I did with two users.
So one is this busy mom.
And one is a college girl.
So this one is actual making decisions for my kids and buying clothes only for them before the start
of season so this is their goal.
So every season maybe summer or spring or winter they are going to you know make their purchases before
that don't want to burden myself with extra load and frustrations.
So as my life is already very hectic so this is their goals.
They have these fears and frustrations that I don't want extra Lord I don't want extra work and I want
to be free myself so always looking for things to go smoothly so this is the code that they don't want
any you know setbacks when they are purchasing on lines or things like that then we have some background
you can you write a whole story you will hear married three children a computer science in school doesn't
like to spend hard time.
So I have done all his.
This is going to be hard hard time on shopping prefers to buy everything online he has several credit
cards they should buy different banks mostly look for local clothing store ads on Instagram so you can
also write a whole background story that she wakes up early in the morning she is very busy she goes
to school before going to school she makes sure that her three children are ready and they and then
she hurry up and things like that.
So this is going to be a background of textures.
So this is how we are going to create a persona you can add more personas I really like this.
You express your template too.
There is no standards but make sure you have goals you have quotation you have motivation and frustrations
you have brand influences you have all you got for technology and how comfortable they are with this
technology and some of our demographic background.
So this image is dummy.
This is Nazi that our mom does it is someone else.
So that is all about using personas and creating one persona online.
Your next assignment will be to create a persona like this one.
So let's move on to the next lesson.